README.md, before:

# Multi-Cloud Open DC/OS on AWS with Terraform
# AWS and Azure

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.11.x

## Deploying Multi-Cloud DCOS 

This repository is meant to get the bare minimum of running a multi-cloud DC/OS cluster.

This repo is configured to deploy on AWS and Azure using Cisco CSR 1000V for VPN connection in between.


## Terraform Quick Start

```bash
mkdir terraform-demo && cd terraform-demo
terraform init -from-module github.com/bernadinm/hybrid-cloud?ref=vpn_automation
terraform apply -var-file desired_cluster_profile.tfvars
```

### High Level Overview of Architecture

* Creates an AWS cluster with masters and agents
* Creates an Azure node with public and private agents
* Main DC/OS cluster lives on AWS
* Bursting Node lives in Azure

### Adding or Remving Remote Nodes or Default Region Nodes

Change the number of remote nodes in the desired cluster profile.

```bash 
dcos_version = "1.11.2"
num_of_masters = "1"
aws_region = "us-east-1"
aws_master_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_agent_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_public_agent_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_private_agent_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_bootstrap_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
# ---- Private Agents Zone / Instance
aws_group_1_private_agent_az = "a"
aws_group_2_private_agent_az = "b"
aws_group_3_private_agent_az = "c"
num_of_private_agent_group_1 = "1"
num_of_private_agent_group_2 = "0"
num_of_private_agent_group_3 = "0"
# ---- Public Agents Zone / Instance
aws_group_1_public_agent_az = "a"
aws_group_2_public_agent_az = "b"
aws_group_3_public_agent_az = "c"
num_of_public_agent_group_1 = "0"
num_of_public_agent_group_2 = "0"
num_of_public_agent_group_3 = "0"
# ----- Remote Region Below
num_of_azure_private_agents = "1"
num_of_azure_public_agents  = "0"
# ----- DCOS Config Below
dcos_cluster_name = "Hybrid-Cloud"
aws_profile = "273854932432_Mesosphere-PowerUser"
dcos_license_key_contents = "<INSERT_LICENSE_HERE>"
```

```bash
terraform apply -var-file desired_cluster_profile.tfvars
```

### Destroy Cluster


1. Destroy terraform with this command below.
```bash
terraform destroy -var-file desired_cluster_profile.tfvars
```

Note: No major enhancements should be expected with this repo. It is meant for demo and testing purposes only.

Commit message:

WIP updating subscription to cisco

README.md, after:

# Multi-Cloud Open DC/OS on AWS with Terraform
# AWS and Azure

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.11.x

## Deploying Multi-Cloud DCOS 

This repository is meant to get the bare minimum of running a multi-cloud DC/OS cluster.

This repo is configured to deploy on AWS and Azure using Cisco CSR 1000V for VPN connection in between.


## Terraform Quick Start

1. Accept the AWS Cisco CSR subscription from the Marketplace by clicking the link below with the same AWS account that will be launchng the terraform scripts:

https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=9vr24qkp1sccxhwfjvp9y91p1

2.  Accept the Azure Cisco CSR subscription from the marketplace 



```bash
mkdir terraform-demo && cd terraform-demo
terraform init -from-module github.com/bernadinm/hybrid-cloud?ref=vpn_automation
terraform apply -var-file desired_cluster_profile.tfvars
```

### High Level Overview of Architecture

* Creates an AWS cluster with masters and agents
* Creates an Azure node with public and private agents
* Main DC/OS cluster lives on AWS
* Bursting Node lives in Azure

### Adding or Remving Remote Nodes or Default Region Nodes

Change the number of remote nodes in the desired cluster profile.

```bash 
dcos_version = "1.11.2"
num_of_masters = "1"
aws_region = "us-east-1"
aws_master_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_agent_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_public_agent_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_private_agent_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
aws_bootstrap_instance_type = "m4.xlarge"
# ---- Private Agents Zone / Instance
aws_group_1_private_agent_az = "a"
aws_group_2_private_agent_az = "b"
aws_group_3_private_agent_az = "c"
num_of_private_agent_group_1 = "1"
num_of_private_agent_group_2 = "0"
num_of_private_agent_group_3 = "0"
# ---- Public Agents Zone / Instance
aws_group_1_public_agent_az = "a"
aws_group_2_public_agent_az = "b"
aws_group_3_public_agent_az = "c"
num_of_public_agent_group_1 = "0"
num_of_public_agent_group_2 = "0"
num_of_public_agent_group_3 = "0"
# ----- Remote Region Below
num_of_azure_private_agents = "1"
num_of_azure_public_agents  = "0"
# ----- DCOS Config Below
dcos_cluster_name = "Hybrid-Cloud"
aws_profile = "273854932432_Mesosphere-PowerUser"
dcos_license_key_contents = "<INSERT_LICENSE_HERE>"
```

```bash
terraform apply -var-file desired_cluster_profile.tfvars
```

### Destroy Cluster


1. Destroy terraform with this command below.
```bash
terraform destroy -var-file desired_cluster_profile.tfvars
```

Note: No major enhancements should be expected with this repo. It is meant for demo and testing purposes only.
